load res/bee.jpg bee
brighten 100 bee beebr
save res/bee-brighten.jpg beebr

load res/bee.jpg bee
brighten -100 bee beebd
save res/bee-darken.jpg beebd

load res/bee.jpg bee
value-component bee beev
save res/bee-value-grey.jpg beev

load res/bee.jpg bee
red-component bee beer
save res/bee-red-grey.jpg beer

load res/bee.jpg bee
green-component bee beeg
save res/bee-green-grey.jpg beeg

load res/bee.jpg bee
blue-component bee beeb
save res/bee-blue-grey.jpg beeb

load res/bee.jpg bee
luma-component bee beel
save res/bee-luma-grey.jpg beel

load res/bee.jpg bee
intensity-component bee beei
save res/bee-intensity-grey.jpg beei

load res/bee.jpg bee
blur bee beeblur
save res/bee-blur.jpg beeblur

load res/bee.jpg bee
sharpen bee beesh
save res/bee-sharpen.jpg beesh

load res/bee.jpg bee
greyscale bee beegf
save res/bee-greyscale-filter.jpg beegf

load res/bee.jpg bee
sepia bee beesep
save res/bee-sepia-filter.jpg beesep